oh my lady Louise sorry that was my
fault with me latina by Annie
Pat bill one sauces a bill and an
echidna Dyna Delano media subcommittee
no Dede am I not wrong GD hop manatee
I'll pop a one same I know he'll need a
Nina
nilaam fitnah I know yeah you know that
you know that today and I will you are
you sure this one yeah a nice and I
didn't take it on I which one you know I
neither my mmm yes put my mama
I want huh I want that pepper for our
you what pipette photo home
well I'm gonna put a little bit on
because it's very very pensive take my
man little even 100 excited not hard huh
tomorrow I would want a lot of it oh you
haven't tried it yet because mommy's
already tried and it's very very sad I
see
ah duper ooper go go go go go ma didn't
led head makeup
hello mayhap we're better hello MA
petit Mira
a little bit ding aah I mean anything
only a little bit
Oh eat my Apple Apple oh I'll eat my ha
yes yes me OK nah didn't and a holy one
am Pete Oh didn't I got my pigma